we raised a lot of baby chicks
here and one really important
thing is to make sure that they
have access to water and to make
sure that they can't drown in
the water so i'm going to show
you today how to make a chick
water that is safe for very very
small checks what I like to do
is use a shallow tray like this
and then use another container
that will also hold water so the
first thing I'm going to do is
poke some holes in the bottom of
this container i'm going to
place it on the plate here and
just make sure I poke the hole
below the top level of where I
want the water to be so now that
I have all my holes in this jug
i'm going to go ahead and put
some water in the tray and then
I'm gonna fill this jug with
water as well I filled the jug
all the way up and i'm going to
put the cap on and then set it
down in the water when the water
level gets down to the holes the
water will refill the train back
up all right let's get the
chicky some water
what that's what